README.md, before:

# GI Profile

## Important

This app is no longer supported which is why I've decided to open source it. To add new characters and namecards, add new images to the asset catalogue, then edit the following files:

- [Shared/Data/characters.json](Shared/Data/characters.json)
- [Shared/Data/namecards.json](Shared/Data/namecards.json)

Build the app and the new items will be available to select in the UI.

## Abstract

GI Profile lets you create customised widgets with your favourite characters and name cards. The widget can display one of the playable characters' avatar, custom nickname and optional signature, as well as one of the name card backgrounds from the game itself. You can have as many different widgets as you'd like.

GI Profile is an unofficial app, not endorsed or affiliated by miHoYo, HoYoverse or Cognosphere. Game content, images and text are copyright of miHoYo, HoYoverse, Cognosphere and/or Genshin Impact.

## Sources

- Characters: https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Character
- Namecards: https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Namecards

Commit message:

add screenshots and demo link

README.md, after:

# GI Profile

## Important

This app is no longer supported, since the official HoYoLAB app now includes companion widgets with characters from Genshin Impact. 

To add new characters and namecards, add new images to the asset catalogue, then edit the following files:

- [Shared/Data/characters.json](Shared/Data/characters.json)
- [Shared/Data/namecards.json](Shared/Data/namecards.json)

Build the app and the new items will be available to select in the UI.

## Abstract

GI Profile lets you create customised widgets with your favourite characters and name cards. The widget can display one of the playable characters' avatar, custom nickname and optional signature, as well as one of the name card backgrounds from the game itself. You can have as many different widgets as you'd like.

GI Profile is an unofficial app, not endorsed or affiliated by miHoYo, HoYoverse or Cognosphere. Game content, images and text are copyright of miHoYo, HoYoverse, Cognosphere and/or Genshin Impact.

<p align="middle">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1694616/236917697-cc842099-b935-42ac-b91b-a0686005861b.png" width="300">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1694616/236917740-2245f284-eb87-4643-972a-79d7bc41df64.png" width="300">
</p>

Short video demo: https://youtube.com/shorts/b_tQ0PJMU6w

## Sources

- Characters: https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Character
- Namecards: https://genshin-impact.fandom.com/wiki/Namecards
